# Group Meeting Minutes





## October 2nd

###### 12:30pm-1:10pm :

1.Created feature hierarchy 
2.Talked about the general fetures we want to implement, including:

User's account info(create account/login)

User's account info(edit profile)

Filter panel (service filters)

Filter panel (user filters)

User search (rate services)

User search (advertising)

User search (view service profile)

Service search(scrollable listing)

User search (messaging)

User search (scrollable listing)

User search (rate people)

User search (view profile)

User's account info(edit profile)

Map

###### 1:10pm-2:30pm :

1.Created new issues, including:

Research and integrate continuous integration for code formatting

Create milestone timeline

Add list of all feature ideas to backlog

Document tech stack

Document user group





## October 9th

###### 12:30-1:00pm: 

Reading the requirements of Capstone

###### 1:00-1:20:

Assigning the tasks

###### 1:20-1:40: 

Discussing details of the tasks

## October 16th

###### 12:30-12:40pm: 

Discussing/finalizing tech stack choice

###### 12:40-12:55pm:

Discussing report and assigning parts





## October 23rd

###### 11:15-11:20 pm: 

Discussing the weekly plans

###### 11:20-12:06 pm: 

Creating issues and assigning parts





## October 27th

###### 1:30-1:40pm: 

Introducing the progress

###### 1:40-1:50pm:

Discussing the gitstats strategy

###### 1:50-3:00pm:

1.Creating issues, assigning parts and discussing the plans of next week 
 
Key point:
We decided to change from MongoDB to MySQL to save time (since we've all used relational databases before)
 
2.Updating rules:
 - Everyone needs to comment and review (NOT merge) on every pull request for this week by 9pm tonight - note that Jared still needs to create a pull request for the documentation so that'll also require comments and reviews
 
 - We've assigned the tasks for this week; we're primarily focusing on the database creation but Athena is setting up the mysql connection on the server and we've assigned you to create a front-end interface to show database results that are sent by the server
 
 - All the issues are updated on the github for more info





## November 3rd

###### 1:30-2:00pm:

Reviewing each other's work

###### 2:00-2:45pm:

Discussing the plan for next week

###### 2:45-3:05pm:

Creating issues and assigning parts

issues created:

Add linting to the Continuous integration setup

Create the MemberList component which gets and displays users in a table from /get-users on the server

Research and document the approach to creating pages in React

Create the UserSearch.js file in client/src/ 

Create an Express Get route called /get-users in server.js

Create the getUsers function in server.js

Standardize the local database setup process

Add 5 example rows to the User table

Create the User table in the database





## November 10th

###### 1:30-2:00pm: 

1.Reviewing each other's work

2.Searching preferences right now forces users to only choose one(eg. only looking for male). Think about how to implement multi-preference choices (eg. looking for male and female).

Implementing Saturday noon check-in where each person submits what they are doing and the branch they are working on.

Adding a note: All team members need to review the environment setup document and ensure they are up to date with the new steps.

Setting up the meeting schedule:

Scrum Meeting - 1:30 PM on Tuesdays

 - All team members must attend in group-b-voice for a review of the past week, gitstats report and planning for the following week
 
Virtual Standup - due by 1 PM on Saturdays

 - All team members should send a text summary to the #group-b-general channel of what've worked on so far, along with the branch and changes that require review
 
###### 2:00-2:33pm: 

Creating issues and assigning parts

###### 2:33-2:37pm:

Closing a pull request

###### 2:37-2:46pm:

Discussing the tasks of front-end static page

###### 2:46-2:34pm:

Discussing UI design of front-end static page





## November 17th

###### 1:30-1:57pm: 

Reviewing the work from past week

###### 1:57-3:15pm: 

Creating issues and assigning parts

The issues are:

Creating use case tasks for the Member user group

Creating description of system for heuristic evaluations

Sign up for peer evaluations on the website

Setup the google form for heuristic evaluation

Setup remote desktop

Integrate updated front-end and back-end changes between client and server

Revamp the Members db tables to fit the multi-value inputs

Add test data to Listing-related tables in database

Create Listing-related tables and relationships in database 





## November 24th

###### 1:30-2:10pm: 

Reviewing the work from past week:

the about page has some formatting issues which are going to be reviewed today

some information of database is not accurate

Discussing the questionnaire:https://forms.gle/gwZP3jrnoo26Frih7


###### 2:10-2:41pm: 

Creating issues and assigning parts:

The issues are:

Report: Review and submit

Report: Average and graph the quantitative eval results

Report: Create list of issues from eval notes and prioritize them 

Report: Compile list of all group B eval recordings

Report: Compile list of user tasks used in evaluations

Report: Compile participant information into table

Report: System description and feature list

Write peer evals

Create the demo video for milestone 1



## December 1st

###### 1:30-1:43pm:

Closing the issues from past week

###### 1:43-2:12pm:

Discussing the plan during the winter break, creating issues and assigning parts

The issues are:

Research and determine the front-end library to use

Research google maps implementation with React

Create front-end design prototypes

Complete database backend

Add linting and code formatting project settings



## January 12th

###### 1:30-1:44pm:

Dicussing the issues done in the winter break (the UI design and the research of map feature)

closing these issues

###### 1:43-2:22pm:

Discussing the questions to ask Twilla (about map feature and UI design)
The optional UI design can be found [here](https://github.com/JadenBalogh/home-together-b/tree/ui-design/Documentation/Prototypes/Website%20Design/UI%20Design)

Discussing the meeting times and the content of discussion for the meetings
The current way is to have a scrum meeting every Tuesday at 1:30 pm, and have a work meeting every Saturday at 1:00 pm

###### 2:22-2:37pm:

Discussing the plan for this week and creating new issues


